how I Alex it bleeping rise in cv
upright in early 726 a.m. to bring you
the latest transfer news stories as they
come in from around the globe and I'm
sorry to say please it's Tuesday morning
it's not good news Paul pod will looks
all but set to join Barcelona he's been
linked to the club awesome and they have
finally confirmed their interest Padma
is well as suggested that he might be
interested and it would make sense Padma
a long-term replacement for Chevy city
we're no longer favorites designer
player we're going to get have to get
used to it a lot of your thoughts but
can W in the comments we talked about
bender yesterday even those players
world-class talent could definitely go
on to succeed at City so maybe Papa this
cloud has a silver lining the next day
the next thing I've got for you is a new
name a name that we've not talked about
before and it's come out of the Turkish
press and they are convinced the push it
to us centre-back petrol Franco he's on
his way to monster city and I'm going to
go this blues I haven't got a focused
who Pedro Franco is does anyone anyone
know because I don't know if you know
anything about Pedro Franco over than
the fact that he's a Colombian
international which one I could find
from google let us know in the comments
you'd be a real help enhance because
I've got no idea it would seem classic
was dizzy to turn a player who comes
from a foreign country with a big
reputation for us to bring him in and it
would seem that how many times we've
done that we pray it's one with a big
reputation for a lot of cash up them and
they turn into a flop that sounds like
classic city I could definitely see it
happening as a third name that we're
going to talk about I've already said
talk about this one mikha Richards looks
like he's always set to join Sunderland
or at least leave city they're the
latest in a list of clubs Sunderland
villa west ham Liverpool of all willing
to make a riches and whichever truly
goes to it's going to be a real shame to
see a true city great someone who's been
there for you through thick and thin but
maybe it is the time for riches I'm so
to say I have devastated let us know I'm
being silly a you fans of riches I love
him back at the club tomorrow lots of
that a thousand times in this channel
but unknown maybe that's just nostalgia
the comment section you know what to do
share the video if you enjoy the
transfer round-up give it a thumbs up
give us a like we'd really appreciate it
i'm alexis is blue moon rising TV
sayonara this is ricky the hitman at him
subscribe to blue moon rising TV but not
outside